# Rian Mantasa Salve Prastica
**PhD candidate studying urban water engineering, Environmental Engineering research group, School of Civil Engineering, The University of Queensland.**

As an urban water management enthusiast, my passion is driven me to engage nature-based solution to the traditional engineering concept, which then led me to continue my career on protecting urban waterways ecosystems against unstable human disastrous power and climate change triggers. My research focuses on urban stormwater management, particularly how river naturalization, involve the water-sediment-vegetation interaction in the stream, performs effectively in both dry and flooding events. Currently, as a PhD researcher at Aquatic Systems Research Group, School of Civil Engineering, University of Queensland, I commit to explore my understanding towards the sediment problems in river naturalization.

During my master journey at Universitas Indonesia, I explored hydrodynamic and sediment transport on urban lake by using Resource Modelling Associates (RMA), developed by UNSW researcher. Also, I involved in urban water sensitive cities program under research umbrella between UI, IPB, and Monash University.

Currently, I am a lecturer and researcher at Ministry of Public Works and Housing (2022-now). Previously, I worked in Universitas Gadjah Mada in Civil Engineering Department (2018-2022) and research assistant at Universitas Indonesia under Australia-Indonesia Centre program (2017-2018) for water sensitive cities in urban areas. During my employment at Universitas Gadjah Mada, I involved in Hydraulic and Water Infrastructure research groups.
